User Generated Content Policy Agreement: 

Agreement : Please read and accept this agreement before proceeding.

1. Your UGC ( User Generated Content )
All content submitted to our Website or via our Apps by you (or on your behalf) via your User account (or other social media account, if applicable), including without limitation, your name, biographical information and all other names, usernames, pseudonyms, text, likenesses, graphics, logos, marks, images, photographs, code, and all other information and material shall be called your "UGC" for short.
You agree to submit UGC to the Website and via our Apps in accordance with the following rules (in particular, the Legal Standards and the Review Guidelines, as those terms are defined below). Please use caution and common sense when submitting UGC to the Website or via our App.
Publication of your UGC will be at our sole discretion and we are entitled to make additions or deletions to your UGC prior to publication, after publication or to refuse publication.
Please note, any UGC you submit to our Website or via our Apps will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary.

2. Content standards – legal standards
You warrant, represent and undertake to us that the comments that you make on this app shall not:
infringe the copyrights or database rights, trademarks, rights of privacy, publicity or other intellectual property or other rights of any other person or entity; and/or
contain any material which is defamatory of any person; and/or 
contain misleading or deceptive statements or omissions or misrepresentation as to your identity (for example, by impersonating another person) or your affiliation with any person or entity; and/or
breach any legal or fiduciary duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence; and/or
advocate, promote, or assist discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age; and/or
contain any malicious code, such as viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other potentially harmful programmes, codes or material; and/or
violate any other applicable law, statute, ordinance, rule or regulation,
(together, or individually the "Legal Standards").
If your comments or posts made on this app contains any material that is not owned by or licensed to you and/or which is subject to third party rights, you are responsible for obtaining, prior to submission of your UGC, all releases, consents and/or licenses necessary to permit use and exploitation of your UGC by us without additional compensation. Please see clause 2 above for further details.
Content standards – review guidelines
You warrant, represent and undertake to us that your UGC:
is accurate, where it states facts.

3. Content standards – review guidelines
Any UGC which is in breach of our Review Guidelines or is otherwise:
is obscene, hateful, inflammatory, offensive or in any other way falls below commonly accepted standards of taste and decency in the UK; and/or
is reasonably likely to harass, upset, embarrass or alarm a person (including, by way of example only, so called "trolling" or cyber-bullying); and/or
is threatening, abusive or invades another's privacy, or causes annoyance, inconvenience or anxiety; and/or
is sexually explicit; and/or
advocates, promotes, assists or depicts violence; and/or
advocates, promotes or assists any illegal activity or unlawful act or omission; and/or
could be deemed to be unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, promotional material, junk mail, or spam (including without limitation chain letters, pyramid schemes or other forms of solicitation or advertisements, commercial or otherwise); and/or
gives the impression that it emanates from Treatwell or is endorsed or connected with us, if this is not the case, will be removed from the Site.

4. Consequences of breach
We will determine, in our discretion, whether you have failed to comply with this UGC Policy when submitting UGC to our Website or via our Apps. If you have failed to comply, we reserve the right in our sole discretion to suspend you from using the Website and/or our Apps without notice to you and/or to edit or remove (in whole or part) any of your UGC from our Website and our Apps on a temporary or permanent basis.
Notwithstanding clause 5.1 above, if you or your UGC does not comply with this UGC Policy, and as a result of this, we suffer any loss or damage, you will be liable to us and hereby agree to indemnify us for any such loss or damage. This means that you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your failure to comply with this UGC Policy, including but not limited to our Legal Standards and/or Review Guidelines.
We also reserve the right:
to pass on any UGC that gives us concern to the relevant authorities; and
to disclose your identity to any third party (or their professional advisor) who claims that any of your UGC constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
Changes to this UGC Policy
We may change this UGC Policy from time to time, in which case an up to date version will be available via the Website and our Apps. You should check this UGC Policy regularly to ensure that you are happy with any changes. You will be deemed to have accepted any changes to this UGC Policy after you have been notified of the changes on our Website or our Apps and/ or if you continue to access or use the Website or our Apps, where the updated UGC Policy will be available for you to view.